March 2024 hackathon sites (#2921)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/seqera.md

---
title: 'Hackathon - March 2025 (Seqera)'

> subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at Seqera'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at Seqera, Spain'
```

shortTitle: 'Seqera'
type: 'hackathon'
startDate: '2025-03-17'
startTime: '09:00+01:00'
endDate: '2025-03-19'
endTime: '17:00+01:00'
locations:
  - name: Seqera
    links:
      - https://seqera.io/

>     geoCoordinates: [41.40327760881944, 2.2001243552458476]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    geoCoordinates: [41.403236, 2.200127]
```
